#Getting and Cleaning Data

##Course Project

As per te project we need to create an R script called run_analysis.R that can do the following.

* Merge the training and the test sets to create one data set.
* Extract only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
* Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
* Appropriately label the data set with descriptive activity names.
* Create a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

## Repository structure
* directory /project_data, contains all files needed for evaluation by run_analysis.R

* README.md, this file.

* codebook.md, contains the description of variables produced by run_analysis.R

* run_analysis.R, is the R script that produces the tidyData.txt file

* tidyData.txt, is the file generated by run_analysis.R, which contains the reshaped data set processed from /project_data

##Steps to work on this course project

* Download the data source and put into a folder on your local drive. 
* A dataset folder UCI HAR Dataset will be obtained.
* Put run_analysis.R in the parent folder of UCI HAR Dataset, then set it as your working directory using setwd() function in RStudio.
* Run source("run_analysis.R"), then it will generate a new file tiny_data.txt in your working directory.
* The new file tiny_data.txt is the required text file with tidy data

## Running the run_analysis.R script (in detail)
* create a directory on your local machine where you would like to clone the repository
* change directory into what you created in #1
* clone this repository : git clone https://github.com/Amrut009/Getting_And_Cleaning_Data_CourseProject
* change directory into the Getting_And_Cleaning_Data_CourseProject directory
* start R from the command line
* source("run_analysis.R")

##Dependencies

run_analysis.R file will help you to install the dependencies automatically. It depends on 
* reshape2
* data.table.


